\section{GameBank}

In this section we will illustrate the notable features of GameBank. Since 
describing all the design choices made during the application development would 
result in a long explanation, we invite the reader to take a look at the public 
repository available in~\cite{gamebank18}.

\subsection{How it works}

GameBank, as already described in Section CHANGEME, \todo{Section 1 ref 
missing} is an application complementary to a board game. It helps players 
removing some burden related to manage possible in-game transaction, 
distributing the task to the members and removing the needing of a game master.

Since the nature of board games, the application is designed to work 
in multiplayer-only mode. Indeed, because a single player match is a particular 
instance of a multiplayer game, the application can start a match even with one 
member, but it has to keep the Bluetooth link on.

The application allows users to customize their profile in the settings 
activity, where they can change username or profile picture. If the profile is 
not set when a match is starting, a new one is randomly generated. The master 
in order to recognize players in a match it uses a UUID (Universally Unique 
Identifier), so different players can have the same username.

There are two ways to start a match: loading the game from a save and starting 
a new one. In any case, the smartphone performing one of these actions becomes 
the Bluetooth master, and it starts waiting for other players to join the 
lobby. When a player join a lobby, she has the possibility to ``poke'' the 
master, that she will see a toast message on her screen. Additionally, the 
player that join the match has to set herself as ready: indeed a match can not 
start if anyone in the lobby is not ready.
When everyone is ready, the host has the possibility to start the match, making 
all the conncted devices display the transaction board.